README.md, before:

# Firefox Quantum Sprint - heavily under construction (website and program)

This project is based on https://mozilla.github.io/global-sprint/.

----

## Getting Started

To run this site locally you need to install [Jekyll](https://jekyllrb.com/), [Ruby](https://www.ruby-lang.org/en/) and [Bundler](http://bundler.io/).

1. `bundle install`
2. `bundle exec jekyll serve`
3. Open [http://localhost:4000/](http://localhost:4000/) in your favourite browser!

----

## Contributing

Thanks for your interest regarding contributing to the website! There are many ways to contribute. To get started, take a look at [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.MD).

----

## Participation Guidelines

This project adheres to a [code of conduct](CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md). By participating, you are expected to uphold this code. Please report unacceptable behavior to the following email: community-development@mozilla.com.

----

<img src="https://www.mozilla.org/media/img/pebbles/moz-wordmark-dark-reverse.2cbc28bb9895.svg" width="150"></img>
<img src="https://orig15.deviantart.net/5b95/f/2016/070/3/b/mit_license_logo_by_excaliburzero-d9ur2lg.png" width="65"></img>

Commit message:

Add read-only and Firefox bugs notice

README.md, after:

# Firefox Quantum Sprint

**Important:** Please do not report Firefox bugs in this repository! We have https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/ for that.

This project is finished. You can still see the final website at http://firefoxsprint.mozilla.community/, but this repository is in read-only mode.

----

## Running it locally

To run this site locally you need to install [Jekyll](https://jekyllrb.com/), [Ruby](https://www.ruby-lang.org/en/) and [Bundler](http://bundler.io/).

1. `bundle install`
2. `bundle exec jekyll serve`
3. Open [http://localhost:4000/](http://localhost:4000/) in your favourite browser!

----

## Contributing

Thanks for your interest regarding contributing to the website! As this campaign is done, we do not need any more changes on the website and this repository is read-only. Maybe you might want to have a look at http://whatcanidoformozilla.org?

----

## Participation Guidelines

This project adheres to a [code of conduct](CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md). By participating, you are expected to uphold this code. Please report unacceptable behavior to the following email: community-development@mozilla.com.

----

<img src="https://www.mozilla.org/media/img/pebbles/moz-wordmark-dark-reverse.2cbc28bb9895.svg" width="150"></img>
<img src="https://orig15.deviantart.net/5b95/f/2016/070/3/b/mit_license_logo_by_excaliburzero-d9ur2lg.png" width="65"></img>
